blog/llm-application/index.md, before:

# **Blogs of *LLM Application***

## Contact me

* Blog -> <https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/index>
* Email -> <cugtyt@qq.com>
* GitHub -> [Cugtyt@GitHub](https://github.com/Cugtyt)

---

本系列博客主要是关于大语言模型的应用。

---

## [**Process Supervision Is All You Need for AI Coding**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/ai-coding-process)

> Agent-based coding is increasingly popular in AI development,
> but it often veers off course.
> To achieve better results and minimize risks,
> active supervision of the process is essential.

---

## [**Massive Search: LLM Structured Outputs is All You Need**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/massive-search)

> Executing complex searches across entities with diverse attributes
> —such as text, numbers, booleans, and images—can be challenging.
> These searches often require intricate queries,
> potentially involving joins across multiple data sources.
> For example, searching for a book might involve filtering by its title,
> description, price, user comments, and cover image simultaneously.
> 
> Massive Search provides a method for querying such complex
> but logically grouped data by leveraging LLM Structured Outputs.
> "Logically grouped" means all the data pertains to the same core entity,
> like a specific book product.

---

## [**Smart Diagnosis Solution**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/smart-diagnosis)

> Smart Diagnosis Solution, stack and layers

---


## [**Manufacturer-Executor-Evaluator: A General LLM Agentic Pattern for Collective Intelligence**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/mee)

> * Manufacturer is responsible for generating the task specification based on the task examples, 
> which is the system start point and objective,
> * the Executor is responsible for executing the task based on the task specification, it is the final solution output,
> * and the Evaluator is responsible for evaluating the execution result to make sure the task specification
> meets the objective, feedback or comments from Evaluator will be used to improve the task specification in the next iteration.

---

## [**Prompt Factory**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/prompt-factory)

> Prompt Factory help user to write prompt from provided samples

> Writer generates prompt
>
> Actor practices prompt
>
> Critic evaluates prompt

---

## [**软件实现Copilot的架构图**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/copilot-arch)

> 软件实现Copilot的架构图

---

## [**一个应用的Copilot要怎么做**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/copilot-basic)

> 简单介绍如何给一个应用做Copilot

---

## [**LLM 做文档问答应用**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/llm-doc-answer-application)

> LLM具有很强的文字总结能力，结合文档检索可以做文档的智能问答，本文将介绍在微软内部的一些实践。

---

## [**LLM Patterns - 中文**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/llm-unit-cn)

> Extractor 单元
>
> Composer 单元
>
> Converter 单元
>
> Router 单元

---

## [**LLM Patterns**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/llm-unit)

> Extractor unit
>
> Composer unit
>
> Converter unit
>
> Router unit

---

Commit message:

Three-Stage Evolution of LLM Agents

blog/llm-application/index.md, after:

# **Blogs of *LLM Application***

## Contact me

* Blog -> <https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/index>
* Email -> <cugtyt@qq.com>
* GitHub -> [Cugtyt@GitHub](https://github.com/Cugtyt)

---

本系列博客主要是关于大语言模型的应用。

---

## [**The Three-Stage Evolution of LLM Agents: From Learning to Creating**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/agent-three-stage)

> * **照猫画虎** (learning from data) - Foundation models trained on curated datasets
> * **适应环境** (adapting to environment) - Agents with memory, tools, and planning capabilities  
> * **改造环境** (transforming environment) - Creative agents that build tools and manufacture subagents

---

## [**Process Supervision Is All You Need for AI Coding**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/ai-coding-process)

> Agent-based coding is increasingly popular in AI development,
> but it often veers off course.
> To achieve better results and minimize risks,
> active supervision of the process is essential.

---

## [**Massive Search: LLM Structured Outputs is All You Need**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/massive-search)

> Executing complex searches across entities with diverse attributes
> —such as text, numbers, booleans, and images—can be challenging.
> These searches often require intricate queries,
> potentially involving joins across multiple data sources.
> For example, searching for a book might involve filtering by its title,
> description, price, user comments, and cover image simultaneously.
> 
> Massive Search provides a method for querying such complex
> but logically grouped data by leveraging LLM Structured Outputs.
> "Logically grouped" means all the data pertains to the same core entity,
> like a specific book product.

---

## [**Smart Diagnosis Solution**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/smart-diagnosis)

> Smart Diagnosis Solution, stack and layers

---


## [**Manufacturer-Executor-Evaluator: A General LLM Agentic Pattern for Collective Intelligence**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/mee)

> * Manufacturer is responsible for generating the task specification based on the task examples, 
> which is the system start point and objective,
> * the Executor is responsible for executing the task based on the task specification, it is the final solution output,
> * and the Evaluator is responsible for evaluating the execution result to make sure the task specification
> meets the objective, feedback or comments from Evaluator will be used to improve the task specification in the next iteration.

---

## [**Prompt Factory**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/prompt-factory)

> Prompt Factory help user to write prompt from provided samples

> Writer generates prompt
>
> Actor practices prompt
>
> Critic evaluates prompt

---

## [**软件实现Copilot的架构图**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/copilot-arch)

> 软件实现Copilot的架构图

---

## [**一个应用的Copilot要怎么做**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/copilot-basic)

> 简单介绍如何给一个应用做Copilot

---

## [**LLM 做文档问答应用**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/llm-doc-answer-application)

> LLM具有很强的文字总结能力，结合文档检索可以做文档的智能问答，本文将介绍在微软内部的一些实践。

---

## [**LLM Patterns - 中文**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/llm-unit-cn)

> Extractor 单元
>
> Composer 单元
>
> Converter 单元
>
> Router 单元

---

## [**LLM Patterns**](https://cugtyt.github.io/blog/llm-application/llm-unit)

> Extractor unit
>
> Composer unit
>
> Converter unit
>
> Router unit

---
